<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA General Task//EN" "generalTask.dtd">
<task id="task_ibc_khd_px">
    <title>How to Join a Club on Campus</title>
    <shortdesc>Becoming a part of a group on campus will help you to meet other students with
        similar interests and can expand your passion or hobby. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>Joining a club is extremely easy for students at Virginia Tech whether you are a
            first year student, transfer student, or a student who is looking for a change. Follow
            these steps to learn about how to become a part of our over 750 clubs.<ol
                id="ol_xkp_vhd_px">
                <li>First, visit the Gobblerconnect website <xref
                        href="https://gobblerconnect.vt.edu" format="html" scope="external"/> and
                    sign in with your PID and password, which you created at your transfer student
                        orientation.<ol id="ol_yyy_w3d_px">
                        <li>If you forget your PID password, select "Forgot password" and follow
                            those directions to creating a new password.</li>
                        <li>Once you have a new password, begin these steps again from the
                            beginning.</li>
                    </ol></li>
                <li>Once you are logged on, browse through the various club options by clicking on
                    "Organizations" in the top right corner of the page.</li>
                <li>Select to browse the clubs by category or by alphabetical order with the
                    directory at the left-hand side of the page.</li>
                <li>Once you find an orgnaization you're interested in, click on its title and you
                    will be redirected to its personal page with more information about the
                    group.</li>
                <li>From here, select "Join Organization" at the top, middle of the page.</li>
                <li>When you've selected to join the organization, your membership will be listed as
                    "Pending" and more information will be directed to your email.</li>
                <li>After you are contacted by the organization, follow through communication with
                    them to assure your place in the club and attend their events!</li>
            </ol><p/></context>
    </taskbody>
</task>
