<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA General Task//EN" "generalTask.dtd">
<task id="task_ayp_2kd_px">
    <title>How to Meet with your Advisor:</title>
    <shortdesc>Every student at Virginia Tech is given an academic advisor once they are enrolled.
        While most students meet their primary advisor at orientation, it is possible for students
        to have many advisors throughout their four or five years in college if they change majors,
        transition from University Studies to a major, add a minor, transfer, etc. Meeting with your
        advisor is  important for all students to assure they are on track for graduation
        requirements, to gain assistance in signing up for classes, and to talk with a professional
        about their plans for the future.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>As a transfer student, you will have been assigned a primary advisor once you
            enrolled in Virginia Tech. Use these instructions to find out who your advisor is, how
            to contact them, and why you might need to do so in the future.<ol id="ol_yd4_2md_px">
                <li>Log on to HokieSPA with your PID and password at <xref
                        href="https://banweb.banner.vt.edu/ssb/prod/twbkwbis.P_WWWLogin"
                        format="html" scope="external"/> .</li>
                <li>Select the tab "Hokie Spa" at the top of the page.</li>
                <li>Scroll down from the top until you see "View your General Student Information"
                    and click it.</li>
                <li>Select from the dropdown options your academic current term (ie. Fall 2016 or
                    Spring 2017).</li>
                <li>Under the first section of information labeled,"Student Information effective
                    from Fall," locate your Primary Advisor (marked in red).</li>
                <li>Once you have located your advisor's name, select that text and copy it.</li>
                <li>Open a new window or tab in your internet broswer.</li>
                <li>Go to <xref href="http://www.vt.edu" format="html" scope="external"/>.</li>
                <li>Paste your advisor's name into the search bar on the home page.</li>
                <li>Select the tab "People" and you will see your advisor listed alongside their
                    email address.<ul id="ul_iny_p4d_px">
                        <li>Once you've aquired your advisor's email, you can use this contact
                            information to set up an appointment, ask them questions, and learn more
                            about the advising process as a whole.</li>
                    </ul></li>
            </ol><p/></context>
    </taskbody>
</task>
